gh-115514: Fix incomplete writes after close in asyncio._SelectorSocketTransport (#128037)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-17-16-48-02.gh-issue-115514.1yOJ7T.rst

> Fix exceptions and incomplete writes after asyncio _SelectorTransport
> is closed before writes are completed.
> Breaking change introduced in gh-106503, released in 3.12.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix exceptions and incomplete writes after :class:`!asyncio._SelectorTransport`
is closed before writes are completed.
```
